what's going on guys long hear from
Andrew authority and we are hanging out
at Kyocera here at Mobile World Congress
2015 taking a look at the Kyocera torque
and this is a ruggedized smartphone so
starting off with the design you're
gonna notice it's fairly thick but
that's because of the ruggedized
capabilities which we will talk about in
a second here but it's actually really
easy to hold and use in one hand despite
of the thickness because it's relatively
compact in size but just get the specs
out of the way really quick you're
looking at a four point five inch
display on the front with 1280 by 720 p
resolution and the display also features
some really unique things that i'll talk
about a little bit later on but the
chipset you're looking at inside is the
qualcomm snapdragon 610 clocked at 1.4
gigahertz it's also backed by two
gigabytes of ram with 16 gigabytes of
internal storage and a micro SD card
that supports up to a hundred and twenty
eight gigabytes of additional storage it
does have LTE and the battery that
you're looking at is a 3100 milliamp
hour battery so it's very large you
should be able to get some really great
battery life on this particular phone
the camera comes in at 8 megapixels on
the rear and the front-facing camera is
a 2 megapixel sensor with the operating
system you're looking at Android 4.4
KitKat and there are some slight
customizations that you will find from
Kyocera but it's actually not a very
heavy skin and it does keep a lot of the
elements of stock Android which is
really nice so you should get some
really great performance with this
device because they've kept things
relatively lightweight and slim now
let's talk about the things that make
this phone unique and the first thing is
with the display itself so this screen
is actually compatible with gloves and
it also really it also works when it's
wet as well so that's really awesome
especially if you're in environments
where you're wearing gloves a lot or
you're always constantly outside like a
construction worker things like that and
you have to deal with the elements
having this feature to be able to always
interact with your display is really
awesome so I
like that feature of the display itself
and the other thing about this phone
because of its ruggedized nature it has
a military standard 810g rating so it's
protected against dust shock vibrations
extreme temperatures blowing rain low
pressure solar radiation salt humidity
and water immersion it's also a
waterproof and dustproof so it has a
ip68 rating so it's waterproof for up to
30 minutes at a depth of up to 1.5
meters so that's really great with this
phone as well so all in all this is a
really awesome ruggedized phone for
Kyocera you're also going to find
wireless charging built into this device
as well so it's very feature packed very
feature-rich for a ruggedized smartphone
and one thing that i want to just
mention really quickly is Kyocera is
working on some solar panels for the
devices that will be embedded into the
display the Kyocera torque currently
does not carry this technology but
hopefully we will see this particular
technology being brought to their
devices fairly soon and then one last
thing I just want to mention with the
Kyocera torque here is that the front
you're gonna notice that there's not a
speaker at the top and that's because it
actually uses the display to deliver
sound to your ear what which Kyocera is
calling a smart sonic receiver so the
display actually vibrates to deliver
sound and calls and audio to your ears
similar to what we saw with the sharp
aquos crystal but that's really it for
the Kyocera torque stay tuned for the
rest of our coverage here at Mobile
World Congress 2015 there's definitely a
lot more to come